Alpha Insurance is an insurance company that provides its clients with various types of insurance policies.
As soon as a customer addresses Alpha Insurance, a broker is assigned to follow the customer’s file. The broker is registered in the system, so that when a customer calls, the help desk can immediately trace who is the customer's first account manager. After the broker is assigned to the customer, the latter indicates which type(s) of insurance policy they would like to sign for, so the broker could, depending on the case, either assess the customer’s profile on the spot or send the customer’s file for analysis to the head office. After the customer’s profile is assessed, a preliminary contract/offer on an insurance product is made to the customer either in person or by email. If the customer agrees to the offer, the contract is signed by both parties. After the signing of the contract, the client enjoys the coverage and is invoiced (monthly or yearly – depending on the choice made in the contract) according to the price of the insurance product they bought.
In case the insured event happens, a customer should send a claim for compensation. Then the company opens a claim case, makes sure that all the necessary documents are in place and sends it for assessment by different estimators based on their area of expertise. According to the reports issued by the estimators, it is decided whether the claim is approved - then the sum of compensation is calculated and the compensation is paid to the customer’s account, or that it is rejected, so no payment will be transferred to the customer. In very rare cases, estimators find that the provided documents are possibly fraudulent. Then the claim is not just rejected, but rejected as fraud, the customer’s contract is suspended and the customer is blacklisted. Blacklisted clients with suspended contracts cannot submit any claims, get new compensations, or perform any other activities involving Alpha Insurance. In case of a mistake in the fraud accusation, the customer can be whitelisted again: once the fraud is disproven, the claim case is then sent for expertise once again, and the contract is unsuspended. However, after being blacklisted, not only the claim case, but also the client file has to be assessed again.
Sometimes clients forget to send all the necessary documents when they submit a claim, so the claim case cannot be assessed correctly. In such an event, the office clerks retract the claim case documents from the estimators and add the necessary documents to the file. After all the necessary papers are in order, the case has to be resent to the estimators for assessment. 
The estimators’ reports must be stored in the database for at least one year after the payment of compensation for legal purposes.


